README.md, before:

# Javascript-Code-Review-Checklist
A checklist specific to doing code reviews for javascript based projects.

## General
- [ ] Does the code work? Does it perform its intended function, the logic is correct etc.
- [ ] Is all the code easily understood?
- [ ] Does it conform to your agreed coding conventions? These will usually cover location of braces, variable and function names, line length, indentations, formatting, and comments.
- [ ] Is there any redundant or duplicate code?
- [ ] Is the code as modular as possible?
- [ ] Can any global variables be replaced?
- [ ] Is there any commented out code?
- [ ] Do loops have a set length and correct termination conditions?
- [ ] Can any of the code be replaced with library functions?
- [ ] Can any logging or debugging code be removed?
- [ ] Does logging code need to be added? (error checking and handling)

## Coding Best Practices

[Google's JavaScript Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/jsguide.html)

[Airbnb JavaScript Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript)


## Security
[OWASP Code Review Guide](https://www.owasp.org/images/f/fd/Code_review_guide_singleColumn_V05_%281%29.pdf)

- [ ] Are all data inputs checked (for the correct type, length, format, and range) and encoded?
- [ ] Where third-party utilities are used, are returning errors being caught?
- [ ] Are output values checked and encoded?
- [ ] Are invalid parameter values handled?

## Documentation
- [ ] Do comments exist and describe the intent of the code?
- [ ] Are all functions commented?
- [ ] Is any unusual behavior or edge-case handling described?
- [ ] Is the use and function of third-party libraries documented?
- [ ] Are data structures and units of measurement explained?
- [ ] Is there any incomplete code? If so, should it be removed or flagged with a suitable marker like ‘TODO’?

## Testing
- [ ] Is the code testable? i.e. don’t add too many or hide dependencies, unable to initialize objects, test frameworks can use methods etc.
- [ ] Do tests exist and are they comprehensive? i.e. has at least your agreed on code coverage.
- [ ] Do unit tests actually test that the code is performing the intended functionality?
- [ ] Are arrays checked for ‘out-of-bound’ errors?
- [ ] Could any test code be replaced with the use of an existing API?

## ES6/7
- [ ] ```const or let``` used, instead of ```var```

## References
[Stop More Bugs with our Code Review Checklist](https://blog.fogcreek.com/increase-defect-detection-with-our-code-review-checklist-example/)

Commit message:

Cleaning up wording. Added performance section

README.md, after:

# Javascript Code Review Checklist
A checklist specific to doing code reviews for javascript based projects.

## General
- [ ] Does the code work? Does it perform its intended function, the logic is correct etc.
- [ ] Is all the code easily understood?
- [ ] Does it conform to your agreed coding conventions? These will usually cover location of braces, variable and function names, line length, indentations, formatting, and comments.
- [ ] Is the code [DRY](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don%27t_repeat_yourself)?
- [ ] Is the code as modular as possible?
- [ ] Can any global variables be replaced?
- [ ] Is there any commented out code? (No need to leave in commented out code with source control)
- [ ] Do loops have a set length and correct termination conditions?
- [ ] Can any of the code be replaced with library functions? (Lodash, Underscore, jQuery, etc.)
- [ ] Can any logging or debugging code be removed?
- [ ] Does logging code need to be added? (error checking and handling)

## Coding Best Practices

[Google's JavaScript Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/jsguide.html)

[Airbnb JavaScript Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript)


## Security
[OWASP Code Review Guide](https://www.owasp.org/images/f/fd/Code_review_guide_singleColumn_V05_%281%29.pdf)

- [ ] Are all data inputs checked (for the correct type, length, format, and range) and encoded?
- [ ] Where third-party utilities are used, are returning errors being caught?
- [ ] Are output values checked and encoded?
- [ ] Are invalid parameter values handled?

## Performance

## Documentation
- [ ] Do comments exist and describe the intent of the code?
- [ ] Are all functions commented?
- [ ] Is any unusual behavior or edge-case handling described?
- [ ] Is the use and function of third-party libraries documented?
- [ ] Are data structures and units of measurement explained?
- [ ] Is there any incomplete code? If so, should it be removed or flagged with a suitable marker like ‘TODO’?

## Testing
- [ ] Is the code testable? i.e. don’t add too many or hide dependencies, unable to initialize objects, test frameworks can use methods etc.
- [ ] Do tests exist and are they comprehensive? i.e. has at least your agreed on code coverage.
- [ ] Do unit tests actually test that the code is performing the intended functionality?
- [ ] Are arrays checked for ‘out-of-bound’ errors?
- [ ] Could any test code be replaced with the use of an existing API?

## ES6/7
- [ ] ```const or let``` used, instead of ```var```

## References
[Stop More Bugs with our Code Review Checklist](https://blog.fogcreek.com/increase-defect-detection-with-our-code-review-checklist-example/)
